#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Software Requirements Specification =

1.	Introduction
1.1.	Purpose

The aim of this project is to provide a system wherein the physical difficulties encountered by disabled people at indoor and outdoor areas in everyday life, such as steep stairs or rough roads, can be recorded and audited by volunteers.

This project is non-profit and favours accessibility for every type of user.

The recording process of the difficulties will be performed via an Android-based mobile application. The auditing process thereof will be available on both the mobile application as well as on web.

2.	System Features
2.1.	User Roles
2.1.1.	Anonymous User
All users visit the platform without registering from web or mobile application. Anonymous users can see pin points registered users created and sign up for the system if they want to. 
2.1.2.	Registered User
All users who have registered ids on the system. Users can create new pinpoints and edit or delete their own pins. They can also vote positively or negatively previously created pinpoints via web or mobile application.  
2.1.3.	Admin 
All users who have moderation abilities. Admins can create, edit and delete users and change their user roles. Admins can also create, edit and delete all pinpoints other users created. 
2.2.	User Stories
2.2.1.	Anonymous User
•	As an anonymous user, I want to display map on web site.
•	As an anonymous user, I want to navigate to different locations on map via web site. 
•	As an anonymous user, I want to zoom in and out on map via web site.
•	As an anonymous user, I want to download mobile app on my phone.
•	As an anonymous user, I want to see previously created pinpoints near my current location on map automatically via web or mobile application.
•	As an anonymous user, I want to sign in to the system via web.
2.2.2.	Registered User

•	As a registered user, I want to sign up to the system via web site and mobile application.
•	As a registered user, I want to display map via web site and mobile application.
•	As a registered user, I want to navigate to different locations on map via web or mobile application.
•	As an anonymous user, I want to zoom in and out on map via web site and mobile application.
•	As a registered user, I want to see pinpoints near my current location on map automatically via web or mobile application.
•	As a registered user, I want to add new pinpoints on map via web site or mobile application.
o	I want to take a picture of the accessibility issue related to the pinpoint
•	Or I want to choose a picture from my photo gallery. 
o	System sets issue ID.
o	System sets user ID as my User ID.
o	System sets creation date as I add the pinpoint.
o	I want to choose accessibility issue type.
o	I want to choose accessibility issue information.
o	I want to write a comment about the accessibility issue. 
•	As a registered user, I want to change my own pinpoints
o	Picture.
o	Accessibility issue type.
o	Accessibility issue information.
•	As a registered user, I want to delete my own pinpoints.
•	As a registered user, I want to display other pinpoint details
o	Issue ID.
o	Issue owners user ID.
o	Creation date.
o	Thumb up and thumb down counts.
o	Accessibility issue type.
o	Accessibility issue information.
o	User comment.
•	As a registered user, I want to vote positively or negatively against the pinpoint that I displayed via web site or mobile application. 

2.2.3.	Admin User
•	As an admin user, I want to have all registered user abilities. 
•	As an admin user, I want to list all registered users via web site. 
•	As an admin user, I want to create new registered users via web site.
o	With mail address and password.
o	System will create user ID automatically.
•	As an admin user, I want to edit registered users via web site.
o	Change mail address or password.
•	As an admin user, I want to delete registered users via web site. 
•	As an admin user, I want to edit other users pinpoints via web site. 
•	As an admin user, I want to delete other users pinpoints via web site.










= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages